Editorial review of Introspector and OGM pages (#36)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/subscriptions/events.adoc

:description: This page covers a variety of subscription options offered by the Neo4j GraphQL Library.
:page-aliases: subscriptions/events/create.adoc, \
subscriptions/events/create_relationship.adoc, subscriptions/events/delete.adoc, subscriptions/events/delete_relationship.adoc, \
subscriptions/events/update.adoc

This page covers a variety of subscription options offered by the Neo4j GraphQL Library.

[NOTE]
===
Only changes made through `@neo4j/graphql` should trigger the events here described. 
Changes made directly to the database or using the xref::type-definitions/directives/cypher.adoc[`@cypher` directive] will **not** trigger any event.
===

== `CREATE`

Subscriptions to `CREATE` events listen *only* to newly created nodes, not new relationships.
In this case, a new event is triggered for each new node, containing its properties.

This action is performed with the top-level subscription `[type]Created`, which contains the following fields:

* `event`: the event triggering this subscription (in this case, `CREATE`).
* `created<typename>`: top-level properties of the newly created node, without relationships.
* `timestamp`: the timestamp in which the mutation was made.

> If a same query triggers multiple events, they should have the same timestamp.

Reviewer: Feels like this reads a bit better?

```suggestion
If a single query triggers multiple events, they will have the same timestamp.
```

Author: We try to avoid using future tense in documentation, but in some places it can sound weird indeed. I agree this might be one case.

Reviewer: I think the "same" threw me off more, maybe even:

"If a single query triggers multiple events, they have the same timestamp."

As an example, consider the following type definitions:

[source,graphql,indent=0]
----
type Movie {
    title: String
    genre: String
}
----

Note, however, that only changes made through `@neo4j/graphql` should trigger events. 

> Changes made directly to the database or using the xref::type-definitions/directives/cypher.adoc[`@cypher` directive] will **not** trigger any event.

Reviewer: This seems to be repeated from line 12 and 13.
